Update Reducing Memory Consumption guide with more details (#4332)
huggingface/trl: docs/source/reducing_memory_usage.md

training_args = SFTConfig(..., activation_offloading=True)
```

> Under the hood, activation offloading implements PyTorch's [`saved_tensors_hooks`](https://pytorch.org/tutorials/intermediate/autograd_saved_tensors_hooks_tutorial.html#hooks-for-autograd-saved-tensors) to intercept activations during the forward pass. It intelligently manages which tensors to offload based on size and context, avoiding offloading output tensors that would be inefficient. For performance optimization, it can optionally use CUDA streams to overlap computation with CPU-GPU transfers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under the hood, activation offloading implements PyTorch's [`saved_tensors_hooks`](https://pytorch.org/tutorials/intermediate/autograd_saved_tensors_hooks_tutorial.html#hooks-for-autograd-saved-tensors) to intercept activations during the forward pass. It intelligently manages which tensors to offload based on size and context, avoiding offloading output tensors that would be inefficient. For performance optimization, it can, via a flag (which is true by default), use CUDA streams to overlap computation with CPU-GPU transfers.
```
